Guests only available after installing app (#3493)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/user/user_roles.adoc

:toclevels: 1
:files_pdfviewer-url: {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/files_pdfviewer
:collabora-online-app-url: {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/richdocuments

> :guests-app-url: {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/guests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

== Guest

> * Only available after installing the {guests-app-url}[Guests app]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/guests[Guests app] is available on the ownCloud Marketplace. You must install and enable it first.
```
The attribute version you do is possible and valid, but we do the style here which eases proofreading if the stuff gets more complex.

Author: I don't mind, I was just following how it was done for the other apps. I would recommend to change that as well then  ;)
